doc: add community checks for OCP catalog (#4043)
operator-framework/community-operators: docs/packaging-required-criteria-ocp.md

com.redhat.openshift.versions: "v4.6-v4.8"
```

This option is also useful when you know that the current version of your project will not work well on some specific OpenShift version. You must use it if you are distributing a solution that contains deprecated API(s) and will no longer be available in later versions. For more information see [Managing OpenShift Versions][managing-openshift-versions]

### Validate criteria with SDK

Also, you can check the bundle via [`operator-sdk bundle validate`][sdk-cli-bundle-validate] against the experimental optional Validator [Community Operators][optional-validators]. This validator checks the manifests which are shipped in the bundle. In this way, if any manifests using the [Deprecated/Removed API(s) in 1.22][k8s-deprecated-guide] be found it will verify if your bundle is configured accordingly as described above:

```sh
operator-sdk bundle validate ./bundle --select-optional name=community
```

> The labels which are added in `bundle/metadata/annotations.yaml` are going to end up in the index image (`bundle.Dockerfile`) which will be generated for your operator distribution when your PR get merged. However, have and build your own (`bundle.Dockerfile`) locally is good for testing purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The labels which are added in `bundle/metadata/annotations.yaml` are going to be added to the bundle image that  the pipeline will generate and by which your Operator is added to the catalog. However, if you want to build your own bundle image via the `bundle.Dockerfile` you should add those labels via the `LABEL` directive.
```

|4.9 Index Catalog     |Included⁴ |Included⁴    |Not Included |Not Included |

This option is also useful when you know that the current version of your project will not work well on some specific OpenShift version. You must use it if you are distributing a solution which, for example, contains deprecated API(s) which will no longer be available in upper versions.

### Validating Community criteria with SDK

> Also, you can check the bundle via [`operator-sdk bundle validate`][sdk-cli-bundle-validate] against the `Community Operators`  additionally and specifically criteria before pushing a PR to distribute your solutions on OKD/OCP catalogs:

Author: It is documented. However, the criteria are described above it was clarified. Also, see that it is a link for the command doc page as well.

```sh
operator-sdk bundle validate ./bundle --select-optional name=community
```

> If you used `operator-sdk` to develop your Operator and to [create a bundle](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/olm-integration/quickstart-bundle/#creating-a-bundle) and are using the target `make bundle` to generated and updated it then, you will see that the annotation, `com.redhat.openshift.versions`, described above will be added to the `bundle.Dockerfile`: 

Author: You are 100% right. Sorry, when I did this PR the content was not shaped enough. Now, it equals we want to add in other places as well.
